[WIP] libssh backend (#5253)
libgit2/libgit2: CMakeLists.txt

OPTION(PROFILE				"Generate profiling information"			OFF)
OPTION(ENABLE_TRACE			"Enables tracing support"				OFF)
OPTION(LIBGIT2_FILENAME			"Name of the produced binary"				OFF)

> OPTION(USE_SSH				"Enable SSH support. Can be set to a specific backend (libssh2)" ON)

Reviewer: I think this needs to be `SET` to properly cache the backend value, like: 

```suggestion
   SET(USE_SSH				"ON" CACHE STRING "Enable SSH support. Can be set to a specific backend (libssh2)")
```
